README.md, before:

# Publisher

Publisher is the primary content design app for GOV.UK. It provides the user interface for
entering all the key editorial formats and an API so other apps (primarily frontend) can
access that data for display. It is sometimes referred to as "mainstream publisher".

## Screenshots

![alt tag](doc/publisher_document_screenshot.png)
![alt tag](doc/publisher_admin_screenshot.png)

## Live examples
- [Answer](https://www.gov.uk/smart-meters)
- [Completed transaction](https://www.gov.uk/done/make-lpa)
- [Guide](https://www.gov.uk/council-tax-appeals)
- [Help page](https://www.gov.uk/help/accessibility)
- [Licence](https://www.gov.uk/day-nurseries-wales)
- [Local transactions](https://www.gov.uk/complain-about-your-council)
- [Place](https://www.gov.uk/ukonline-centre-internet-access-computer-training)
- [Service sign in](https://www.gov.uk/log-in-file-self-assessment-tax-return/sign-in)
- [Simple smart answer](https://www.gov.uk/qualify-tax-credits)
- [Transaction](https://www.gov.uk/council-tax-bands)

## Retired formats
- Campaign
- Programme
- Video

## Removed formats
- Business Support - used to be retired, and the documents remained visible, now
  they're fully removed as editions and no longer visible in the app (although
  the artefacts do still exist).  They have been fully migrated to
  specialist-publisher.

## Working with Service Sign In pages
These pages do not have an admin interface and are instead managed through rake tasks.

See the [README](lib/service_sign_in/README.md) for more details.

## Nomenclature

- **Artefact**: a document on GOV.UK.

## Technical documentation

This is a Ruby on Rails application that publishes the content for mainstream document formats to the shared mongo database. The `frontend` app reads this content from the [Content Store](https://github.com/alphagov/content-store).

### Dependencies

- [imminence](https://github.com/alphagov/imminence) - provides geographical search tools
- [content-store](https://github.com/alphagov/content-store) - new central storage of published content on GOV.UK
- [publishing-api](https://github.com/alphagov/publishing-api) - will provide workflow for all content published to GOV.UK - creating a new document, publishing it, etc. Content published here will end up in the content-store
- [govuk-content-schemas](http://github.com/alphagov/govuk-content-schemas) - defines the schemas for new-style document formats. Required to run the tests.

```shell
bundle exec rake local_transactions:import SOURCE=/path/to/local_authority_service_details.CSV
```

- [statsd](https://github.com/etsy/statsd/) - this application uses [statsd-ruby](http://rubygems.org/gems/statsd-ruby) to send metrics to statsd. If a statsd process isn't present on the server it won't matter as statsd-ruby sends metrics over UDP. If a statsd process is present then
it'll send strings with the respective increment/decrement/gauge function to use.
- [asset-manager](https://github.com/alphagov/asset-manager) - manages uploaded assets (images, PDFs, videos etc.). Publisher needs an OAuth bearer token in order to authenticate with Asset Manager. By default, this is loaded from the `PUBLISHER_ASSET_MANAGER_BEARER_TOKEN` environment variable in `config/initializers/gds_api.rb`, which is automatically provided if using the development VM.
Otherwise, to obtain this bearer token you should create an API user in the signonotron2 application. In the signonotron2 directory, to generate the bearer token you need, run:

```shell
rake api_clients:create[publisher,publisher@example.com,asset-manager,signin]
```

- [calendars](https://github.com/alphagov/calendars) - provides bank holiday information to feed into working days calculator.  Working days calculator is used to generate deadlines for fact checks.

### Running the application

If you're just interested in running the Publisher locally, with a minimum of interaction
with other apps, here's how. This assumes you're using this [development setup](https://github.gds/gds/development).

```shell
cd /var/govuk/development
bowl publisher
```

### Running the test suite

`bundle exec rake`

The test suite relies on the presence of the [govuk-content-schemas](http://github.com/alphagov/govuk-content-schemas)
repository. If should be at the same directory level as the government-frontend repository.

Or to specify the location explicitly:

`GOVUK_CONTENT_SCHEMAS_PATH=/some/dir/govuk-content-schemas bundle exec rake`

### State machine

Maps out the transitions between states for the `Edition` class. These transitions are defined in the [workflow](app/models/workflow.rb) module.
A diagram of the current state machine can be seen here: [state machine diagram](doc/state_machines/state_machine_diagram_for_edition.png).
The diagram can be (re)generated using the [state_machines-graphviz gem](https://github.com/state-machines/state_machines-graphviz), by doing:

`bundle exec rake state_machines:draw CLASS=Edition`

This will generate a diagram in the `doc/state_machines` folder.

## Licence

[MIT License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update README to include link-checker-api dependency

README.md, after:

# Publisher

Publisher is the primary content design app for GOV.UK. It provides the user interface for
entering all the key editorial formats and an API so other apps (primarily frontend) can
access that data for display. It is sometimes referred to as "mainstream publisher".

## Screenshots

![alt tag](doc/publisher_document_screenshot.png)
![alt tag](doc/publisher_admin_screenshot.png)

## Live examples
- [Answer](https://www.gov.uk/smart-meters)
- [Completed transaction](https://www.gov.uk/done/make-lpa)
- [Guide](https://www.gov.uk/council-tax-appeals)
- [Help page](https://www.gov.uk/help/accessibility)
- [Licence](https://www.gov.uk/day-nurseries-wales)
- [Local transactions](https://www.gov.uk/complain-about-your-council)
- [Place](https://www.gov.uk/ukonline-centre-internet-access-computer-training)
- [Service sign in](https://www.gov.uk/log-in-file-self-assessment-tax-return/sign-in)
- [Simple smart answer](https://www.gov.uk/qualify-tax-credits)
- [Transaction](https://www.gov.uk/council-tax-bands)

## Retired formats
- Campaign
- Programme
- Video

## Removed formats
- Business Support - used to be retired, and the documents remained visible, now
  they're fully removed as editions and no longer visible in the app (although
  the artefacts do still exist).  They have been fully migrated to
  specialist-publisher.

## Working with Service Sign In pages
These pages do not have an admin interface and are instead managed through rake tasks.

See the [README](lib/service_sign_in/README.md) for more details.

## Nomenclature

- **Artefact**: a document on GOV.UK.

## Technical documentation

This is a Ruby on Rails application that publishes the content for mainstream document formats to the shared mongo database. The `frontend` app reads this content from the [Content Store](https://github.com/alphagov/content-store).

### Dependencies

- [imminence](https://github.com/alphagov/imminence) - provides geographical search tools
- [content-store](https://github.com/alphagov/content-store) - new central storage of published content on GOV.UK
- [publishing-api](https://github.com/alphagov/publishing-api) - will provide workflow for all content published to GOV.UK - creating a new document, publishing it, etc. Content published here will end up in the content-store
- [govuk-content-schemas](http://github.com/alphagov/govuk-content-schemas) - defines the schemas for new-style document formats. Required to run the tests.

```shell
bundle exec rake local_transactions:import SOURCE=/path/to/local_authority_service_details.CSV
```

- [statsd](https://github.com/etsy/statsd/) - this application uses [statsd-ruby](http://rubygems.org/gems/statsd-ruby) to send metrics to statsd. If a statsd process isn't present on the server it won't matter as statsd-ruby sends metrics over UDP. If a statsd process is present then
it'll send strings with the respective increment/decrement/gauge function to use.
- [asset-manager](https://github.com/alphagov/asset-manager) - manages uploaded assets (images, PDFs, videos etc.). Publisher needs an OAuth bearer token in order to authenticate with Asset Manager. By default, this is loaded from the `PUBLISHER_ASSET_MANAGER_BEARER_TOKEN` environment variable in `config/initializers/gds_api.rb`, which is automatically provided if using the development VM.
Otherwise, to obtain this bearer token you should create an API user in the signonotron2 application. In the signonotron2 directory, to generate the bearer token you need, run:

```shell
rake api_clients:create[publisher,publisher@example.com,asset-manager,signin]
```

- [calendars](https://github.com/alphagov/calendars) - provides bank holiday information to feed into working days calculator.  Working days calculator is used to generate deadlines for fact checks.
- [link-checker-api](https://github.com/alphagov/link-checker-api) - checks all the links in an edition on request from the edition show page.

### Running the application

If you're just interested in running the Publisher locally, with a minimum of interaction
with other apps, here's how. This assumes you're using this [development setup](https://github.gds/gds/development).

```shell
cd /var/govuk/development
bowl publisher
```

### Running the test suite

`bundle exec rake`

The test suite relies on the presence of the [govuk-content-schemas](http://github.com/alphagov/govuk-content-schemas)
repository. If should be at the same directory level as the government-frontend repository.

Or to specify the location explicitly:

`GOVUK_CONTENT_SCHEMAS_PATH=/some/dir/govuk-content-schemas bundle exec rake`

### State machine

Maps out the transitions between states for the `Edition` class. These transitions are defined in the [workflow](app/models/workflow.rb) module.
A diagram of the current state machine can be seen here: [state machine diagram](doc/state_machines/state_machine_diagram_for_edition.png).
The diagram can be (re)generated using the [state_machines-graphviz gem](https://github.com/state-machines/state_machines-graphviz), by doing:

`bundle exec rake state_machines:draw CLASS=Edition`

This will generate a diagram in the `doc/state_machines` folder.

### LinkCheckerAPI

The `link-checker-api` has been integrated on the show page for editions. It extracts all links from within any GovSpeak fields and sends them to the `/batch` endpoint of the API. In this request it also sends across a `webhook_callback` which then populates any information about broken/warning links. More reading about the endpoints can be found [here](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/apis/link-checker-api.html)

## Licence

[MIT License](LICENSE)
